[Feature] Support TTA (#9452)
open-mmlab/mmdetection: docs/en/user_guides/test.md

```

Or you can set it through `--cfg-options` as `--cfg-options test_dataloader.batch_size=2`

## Test Time Augmentation (TTA)

> Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the testing phase. It involves applying various augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image and then merging the predictions of each augmented image to produce a more accurate prediction. To make it easier for users to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel.html#mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the BaseTTAModel class according to their needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the test phase. It applies different augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image for model inference, and then merges the predictions of each augmented image to obtain more accurate predictions. To make it easier for users to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel.html#mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the BaseTTAModel class according to their needs.
```

> Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the testing phase. It involves applying various augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image and then merging the predictions of each augmented image to produce a more accurate prediction.  To make it easier for users to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel.html#mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the BaseTTAModel class according to their needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test time augmentation (TTA) is a data augmentation strategy used during the testing phase. It involves applying various augmentations, such as flipping and scaling, to the same image and then merging the predictions of each augmented image to produce a more accurate prediction. To make it easier for users to use TTA, MMEngine provides [BaseTTAModel](https://mmengine.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/generated/mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel.html#mmengine.model.BaseTTAModel) class, which allows users to implement different TTA strategies by simply extending the BaseTTAModel class according to their needs.
```

In MMDetection, we provides [DetTTAModel](../../../mmdet/models/test_time_augs/det_tta.py) class, which inherits from BaseTTAModel.

### Use case

Using TTA requires two steps. First, you need to add `tta_model` and `tta_pipeline` in the configuration file:

```shell
tta_model = dict(
    type='DetTTAModel',
    tta_cfg=dict(nms=dict(
                   type='nms',
                   iou_threshold=0.5),
                   max_per_img=100))

tta_pipeline = [
    dict(type='LoadImageFromFile',
        file_client_args=dict(backend='disk')),
    dict(
        type='TestTimeAug',
        transforms=[[
            dict(type='Resize', scale=(1333, 800), keep_ratio=True)
        ], [ # It uses 2 flipping enhancements (flipping and not flipping).
            dict(type='RandomFlip', prob=1.),
            dict(type='RandomFlip', prob=0.)
        ], [
            dict(
               type='PackDetInputs',
               meta_keys=('img_id', 'img_path', 'ori_shape',
                       'img_shape', 'scale_factor', 'flip',
                       'flip_direction'))
       ]])]
```

> Second, you can simplely run:

Reviewer: Second, set `--tta` when running the test scripts as examples below:

export CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=-1
python tools/test.py \
    ${CONFIG_FILE} \
    ${CHECKPOINT_FILE} \
    [--out ${RESULT_FILE}] \
    [--tta]

# Multi-gpu testing
bash tools/dist_test.sh \
    ${CONFIG_FILE} \
    ${CHECKPOINT_FILE} \
    ${GPU_NUM} \
    [--tta]
```

You can also modify the TTA config by yourself, such as adding scaling enhancement:

```shell
tta_model = dict(
    type='DetTTAModel',
    tta_cfg=dict(nms=dict(
                   type='nms',
                   iou_threshold=0.5),
                   max_per_img=100))

img_scales = [(1333, 800), (666, 400), (2000, 1200)]
tta_pipeline = [
    dict(type='LoadImageFromFile',
        file_client_args=dict(backend='disk')),
    dict(
        type='TestTimeAug',
        transforms=[[
            dict(type='Resize', scale=s, keep_ratio=True) for s in img_scales
        ], [
            dict(type='RandomFlip', prob=1.),
            dict(type='RandomFlip', prob=0.)
        ], [
            dict(
               type='PackDetInputs',
               meta_keys=('img_id', 'img_path', 'ori_shape',
                       'img_shape', 'scale_factor', 'flip',
                       'flip_direction'))
       ]])]
```

> The above data augmentation pipeline will first perform 3 multi-scaling enhancements on the image, followed by 2 flipping enhancements (flipping and not flipping). Finally, the image is packaged into the final result using PackDetInputs.

Reviewer: enhancements to transformation, also change the whole doc.
